Hit me again
I said the girl is still young
Be gentle, Wuhan University is strong, you will have retribution
Oh, it does?
Why do I feel like it's you who are being cared for?
If you hadn't been helping Zhang Fan
How could that trash be caught here by me?
Hey, but I really have to thank Zhang Fan.
If not for him
I wouldn't enjoy two beauties at the same time
The fire brother won't let you go
Do you think about what to do with yourselves?
I have so many brothers here
After Lao Tzu is done, everyone will go one by one
So what if Zhang makes it?
I'm going to make this the place where he died
you
Okay, don't delay our brothers and enjoy the time
What's wrong with the little snow tree, brother?
Bridge courting death